all right folks welcome back the
continuing
ict 2022 free mentorship on youtube and
i'm taking you into the e-mini s p
futures contract for june 2022
and i saw questions
in previous
videos where they're asking
about
june and we're in the month of may
these contracts
are delivered
by contract month
so we're about to
in a
couple weeks end trading of june
contract then we'll roll over into
september 2022 contract but we have a
couple weeks still
trading june
toss that in there for no extra charge
all right so hourly chart
obviously we are looking at
a swing low here
to swing high
getting our range here's equilibrium so
the market did in fact drop down into
a discount and
a pair of a gap
so we have a market that is in what
an oversold condition do we need an
indicator to plot that or determine that
nope absolutely not
the rectangle is there just
to draw special attention for you the
viewer
the fib is just to highlight exactly
where equilibrium is anything above that
level would be considered premium
anything below it
discount so we've
moved from this high down
into a fear of a gap and below
equilibrium so we're in a discount
all right here's the five-minute chart
and notice that we had this run up in
here i mentioned in twitter
and again
my
twitter feed is not a signal service so
that way we understand one another
but i was highlighting the idea that
this was
likely to go higher
and
it needed to go for a premium
relative to this high
and that low so we moved up into a
premium then we slid aggressively taking
out relative equal lows so below this
low here and here is what sell side
liquidity it was quick to do that rate
the opening at 9 30.
short little bounce
then one more time below the low here
taking out cell side
for anyone that wanted to capture along
here
they knocked them out
then we had a shift in market structure
and then
rolled up even higher
rebalancing all of this
drop back down into an area here where
we have
a five minute
pair of a gap
trade's not into it
i mentioned on twitter
that we would likely trade higher and
take out the
short-term high here
and
here
so imagine the morning high that's this
that was going to be the draw on
liquidity and we saw that run here and
actually went a little bit higher than i
thought it would
for the morning
ultimately up into a fair bag up here
for a really really deep premium
from low
to high straight up into that and then
pull back inside the range between this
low and the high
so on a one minute chart we're zoomed in
here and you can see
the morning i did a
small trade here i recorded this did a
small little vignette shared it on
twitter
took partials here at the time of
posting the tweet
and then the limit order getting hit
here
then
the only other trade i had today was
waiting for it to drop down to a
discount
and when it did
i went long here had a little bit of
heat here not much it was like five
handles
so
bearable
stop loss was just below the swing low
over here
so
did it hit it no did it look like it was
going to
i don't know i wasn't looking at the
chart at the moment it happened
to trade here i don't care but i ended
up coming back up and i mentioned that
we would
run
this high right here
because we've taken out the cell stops
here after running higher
so we had a
shift in market structure
back here earlier and then we could
basically consolidate and drop down to
take out the cell stops so anyone that
was lucky enough to go along here
and wrote it up to here
the algorithm drops back down clears the
board
taking out the cell stops below here
i'm buying those cell stops
i had a little bit of heat here
we rallied and i mentioned that we would
start going higher now because we've
cleared out the cell stops
and
going over into the one minute chart
with a little bit more detail
here's the initial drop now here's what
i want to bring to your attention
we had a short-term little
shift in market structure here and i
know some of you see this and you see
this one here which one's the shift in
market structure well i'm playing the
run up here to a premium like i was
mentioning on my twitter feed this
morning
so if this is a range i'm working within
the shift in market structure occurs
here when it takes out that high
drops down into a fair value gap which
is what i bought
i didn't believe we were going to take
out the lows here because we should have
done it at 8 30 news it didn't do it so
this is deep retracement and then sent
it higher to go into a premium right
before 9 30 a.m
and then they sank it down
notice there's no model entry
here
that's telling okay it's tipping its
hand to you
because there's no real setup and it's a
rush to get down here it's clearing out
sales liquidity going down
rallying suckering in longs trying to
pick the bottom knocking those
individuals out
now they are not allowed to be
long their stops taken
nobody in retail usually will take a
re-entry after something like that
they're afraid
it rallies up
comes down to a fair value gap
shift in market structure here rallies
relative equal highs drops back down in
very very good order block rallies once
more goes into the imbalance here
consolidates
bumps up just above the short term high
here then drops one more time
clearing the liquidity out here
and you see my entry was at 4120 on five
contracts
and again here is the tweet
okay and i'll have the link posted in
the description below this video so you
can click and see it and it's time and
date stamped
that is exactly as you see it here all
right so it says salsa liquidity is
taken free to run to
43 and a half that's this level here
while i was here
so
continue on
first partial which is when i tweeted
you can see that in the timeline this
morning
three contracts were sold at 41 39 and a
quarter
and finally the final two were filled on
a limit order at 41.43 and three
quarters
and ultimately it wrote a little bit
higher which was fine i was juggling
a lot of administrative tasks this
morning but
nonetheless you can see all the trades
are here
in here
so
was it a lot now
but you know hopefully you guys learned
something today we have a non-farm
payroll
scenario this week its first week of the
month
transitioning from one month into
another
and i typically like to have all my
trading done by wednesday
and because i've done what i've shown
here today
i'm satisfied with this particular week
now some of you are going to be like
this is crazy you have wednesday still
you have thursday still yeah friday
you're welcome to do that but i have to
be disciplined and
being consistent
how you get there is having rules
rules and engagement so
you're welcome to practice but i'm not
trying to hunt anything more this week
because
frankly it can go either direction it
can go higher or lower based on that
daily chart so because i don't have a
clear definitive
objective
i'm going to sit on my hands and just be
content with what i've shown you all
here today
and that's going to be it for this week
i'm going to be finishing up with my
private group i have a lot of things i
have to fulfill for them
and it means i'll be quiet on twitter
and i'll be quiet on
youtube until thursday i'll put another
video up on thursday evening until then
be safe